hey everyone that's Gordon unmooring or
hanger the right right for hanging of
the one that's open you can see it i'll
start the five-minute timer all right
ready starting you guys now look good oh
alright the five-minute calendar started
all right anyone here for pjs because
we're gonna get very brave wore army
shoes thank God drive our roomies how
we're gonna get out of here I gotta
watch your chain comes over here i'm
gonna steal change headed over it is
good space do you think I'm helping
you're not gonna be living with me
keeping are you look like a dozen
leaning on anything
well yeah yeah all right drizzly food
are you guys the timer's down the
climbers down two Tyra's done cool all
right the time I run from down there
everyone knows no cars no thanks
anything do it is that they will be
ready infinity what was then a or
whatever that's real job hub come on
let's go save the day that's gay joke
it's really have to go go puppy that
rapper better right no the ramp over
here yeah see that right there that
Ramon that they're all right we gotta
hit that full speed 00 0 go no agent go
out and go up and down the sink we can
still get out of here we can still get
out of here right no yes don't see you
baby we gotta fucking fight we had like
a knife this isn't a suicide mission we
got this car in the sand King so we're
gonna get into david chen pick them up
come on pick them up oh no Haley gotta
go hey we gotta go up all the way on the
end we ought to go all the way down man
where are you military fucker we should
probably get in with them alright hit
hit it hit it up shooting us whip it
with aegon into the same thing I think I
think that's our best fix nothing he's
fast y'all go pick him up pick him up a
little bit with this a lot over being
surrounded go back go back go back quick
we got this I'm definitely Qatar
yeah we good we did it hey go on the
marsh I'm gonna call it i'm gonna call
it we did it we did we lose at the stars
yes oh yeah cuz she ain't breathing
screenname me as you and you're mocking
me because I'm bmz and when the dress
sets in my letters believe that dish no
going gay couples in my pocket you
digging slut I lost it but I my minute
so I had to make a profit neighbors
wanna tell me if they ain't Emma was
nasha cuz I'm gonna talk until I fancy
party to a mosh pit drop this
never-ending niggas and their friends he
got his nigga sweet about me wishing
that a mad me somebody better vampire
never not exquisite cuz i do this for my
city taking everybody with me other 301
in the building you already know how i'm
fairly fan let the greatest mother
fucking in the world but that's only cuz
i answer